### Metrics

- Moved all metrics in `metrics.cluster` except `metrics.Silhouette` to [river-extra](https://github.com/online-ml/river-extra).

## Anomaly Detection

- Introduced `anomaly.base.SupervisedAnomalyDetector` base class for supervised anomaly detection.
- Added `anomaly.GaussianScorer` as the first supervised anomaly detector.
- Implemented `anomaly.base.AnomalyFilter` base class for anomaly filtering methods.
- Added `anomaly.ConstantFilter` and `QuantileFilter` as the first anomaly filters.
- Removed `anomaly.ConstantThresholder` and `anomaly.QuantileThresholder`, replaced by the new anomaly filtering mechanism.

## Base

- Fixed an issue with the `_raw_memory_usage` property to prevent infinite loops when a model's property is an `itertools.count`.

## Dataset

- Added the `datasets.WaterFlow` dataset.

## Distribution

- Added `revert` method to `stats.Gaussian` and `stats.Multinomial`.
- Introduced `dist.TimeRolling` to measure probability distributions over windows of time.

## Concept Drift Detection

- Added `PeriodicTrigger` detector for producing drift signals at regular or random intervals.
- Removed unnecessary numpy usage in `drift.KSWIN` and other concept drift detectors.
- Added seed parameter to `drift.KSWIN` for reproducibility.

## Ensemble Learning

- Enhanced `SRP{Classifier,Regressor}` and `AdaptiveRandomForest{Classifier,Regressor}` by removing unneeded numpy usage and fixing bugs.

## Evaluation

- Added `iter_progressive_val_score` function for more control over progressive validation scoring results.

## Imbalanced Learning

- Introduced `imblearn.ChebyshevUnderSampler` and `imblearn.ChebyshevOverSampler` for imbalanced regression.

## Linear Models

- Fixed `linear_model.LinearRegression` and `linear_model.LogisticRegression` to correctly apply `l2` regularization in `learn_many` method.
- Added `l1` regularization implementation for `linear_model.LinearRegression` and `linear_model.LogisticRegression`.

## Nearest Neighbors

- Deprecated `neighbors.KNNADWINClassifier` and `neighbors.SAMKNNClassifier`.
- Introduced `neighbors.NearestNeighbors` for searching nearest neighbors with simplified logic.

## Probability Distributions

- Added `proba.Rolling` to measure probability distribution over a window.

## Rule-Based Learning

- Improved `AMRules` to indicate the prediction strategy used by each rule in `debug_one`.
- Fixed bug in `debug_one` of `AMRules` for correct display of prediction explanations.

## Time Series

- Added `iter_evaluate` function to trace evaluation at each sample in a dataset.

## Tree Models

- Fixed bug in Naive Bayes-based leaf prediction.
- Removed unnecessary numpy usage in `HoeffdingAdaptiveTree{Classifier,Regressor}`.

## Statistical Computations

- Added `revert` method to `stats.Var`.Silhouette` to [river-extra](https://github.com/online-ml/river-extra).

## anomaly

- There is now a `anomaly.base.SupervisedAnomalyDetector` base class for supervised anomaly detection.
- Added `anomaly.GaussianScorer`, which is the first supervised anomaly detector.
- There is now a `anomaly.base.AnomalyFilter` base class for anomaly filtering methods. These allow to classify anomaly scores. They can also prevent models from learning on anomalous data, for instance by putting them as an initial step of a pipeline.
- Added `anomaly.ConstantFilter` and `QuantileFilter`, which are the first anomaly filters.
- Removed `anomaly.ConstantThresholder` and `anomaly.QuantileThresholder`, as they overlap with the new anomaly filtering mechanism.

## base

- Fixed an issue where the `_raw_memory_usage` property would spin into an infinite loop if a model's property was an `itertools.count`.

## dataset

- Added the `datasets.WaterFlow` dataset.

## dist

- A `revert` method has been added to `stats.Gaussian`.
- A `revert` method has been added to `stats.Multinomial`.
- Added `dist.TimeRolling` to measure probability distributions over windows of time.

## drift

- Add the `PeriodicTrigger` detector, a baseline capable of producing drift signals in regular or random intervals.
- The numpy usage was removed in `drift.KSWIN` in favor of `collections.deque`. Appending or deleting elements to numpy arrays imply creating another object.
- Added the seed parameter to `drift.KSWIN` to control reproducibility.
- The Kolmogorov-Smirnov test mode was changed to the default (`"auto"`) to suppress warnings (`drift.KSWIN`).
- Unnecessary usage of numpy was also removed in other concept drift detectors.

## ensemble

- Streamline `SRP{Classifier,Regressor}`, remove unneeded numpy usage, make SRP variants robust against missing features, and fix bugs.
- Remove unneeded numpy usage `AdaptiveRandomForest{Classifier,Regressor}`.

## evaluate

- Added a `iter_progressive_val_score` function, which does the same as `progressive_val_score`, except that it yields rather than prints results at each step, which give more control to the user.

## imblearn

- Added `imblearn.ChebyshevUnderSampler` and `imblearn.ChebyshevOverSampler` for imbalanced regression.

## linear_model

- `linear_model.LinearRegression` and `linear_model.LogisticRegression` now correctly apply the `l2` regularization when their `learn_many` method is used.
- Added `l1` regularization (implementation with cumulative penalty, see [paper](https://aclanthology.org/P09-1054/)) for `linear_model.LinearRegression` and `linear_model.LogisticRegression`

## neighbors

- `neighbors.KNNADWINClassifier` and `neighbors.SAMKNNClassifier` have been deprecated.
- Introduced `neighbors.NearestNeighbors` for searching nearest neighbors.
- Vastly refactored and simplified the nearest neighbors logic.

## proba

- Added `proba.Rolling` to measure a probability distribution over a window.

## rules

- AMRules's `debug_one` explicitly indicates the prediction strategy used by each rule.
- Fix bug in `debug_one` (AMRules) where prediction explanations were incorrectly displayed when `ordered_rule_set=True`.

## time_series

- Added an `iter_evaluate` function to trace the evaluation at each sample in a dataset.

## tree

- Fix bug in Naive Bayes-based leaf prediction.
- Remove unneeded numpy usage in `HoeffdingAdaptiveTree{Classifier,Regressor}`.

## stats

- A `revert` method has been added to `stats.Var`.
